fix: add helm chart for vs-agent (#119)
2060-io/vs-agent: charts/vs-agent/README.md

# VS Agent Helm Chart

> This Helm chart deploys the **VS-Agent** application with a StatefulSet, supporting private and public ingress, persistent storage, and configurable environment variables. It is designed to be flexible, supporting PostgreSQL and Redis integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Helm chart deploys **VS Agent** application with a StatefulSet, supporting private and public ingress, persistent storage, and configurable environment variables. It is designed to be flexible, supporting PostgreSQL and Redis integrations.
```

  * Private ingress restricted by IP whitelist
  * Public ingress for external access with TLS
* **PersistentVolumeClaim:** Provides persistent storage for agent data.
* **StatefulSet:** Runs the VS-Agent container(s) with configurable replicas.

## Configuration

### General

| Parameter                      | Description                                 | Default       |
| ------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| `name`                         | Application name                            | `vs-agent`    |
| `namespace`                    | Kubernetes namespace                        | `default`     |
| `replicas`                     | Number of agent pods                        | `1`           |
| `domain`                       | Domain for ingress hosts                    | `example.com` |
| `deployment.privacy.whitelist` | CIDR whitelist for private ingress          | `0.0.0.0/0`   |

### Images

| Parameter                 | Description                           | Example                              |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ |

> | `images.agent.repository` | Docker repository for the agent image | `io2060/2060-service-agent`          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `images.agent.repository` | Docker repository for the agent image | `io2060/vs-agent`          |
```

> # VS-Agent Helm Chart

Author: solved

* Optional PostgreSQL and Redis support
* Customizable deployment color label for easy versioning or environment differentiation

## Kubernetes Resources

* **Service:** Exposes two TCP ports, one for the agent (`didcomm`) and one for admin access.
* **Ingress:**
  * Private ingress restricted by IP whitelist
  * Public ingress for external access with TLS
* **PersistentVolumeClaim:** Provides persistent storage for agent data.
* **StatefulSet:** Runs the VS-Agent container(s) with configurable replicas.

## Configuration

### General

| Parameter                      | Description                                 | Default       |
| ------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| `name`                         | Application name                            | `vs-agent`    |
| `namespace`                    | Kubernetes namespace                        | `default`     |
| `replicas`                     | Number of agent pods                        | `1`           |
| `domain`                       | Domain for ingress hosts                    | `example.com` |

> | `deployment.color`             | Deployment color label (for versioning/env) | `blue`        |

Author: solved
